Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
How are you not ashamed?
I'm ashamed. Father.
I'm ready.
Unless you've decided
we should stay in and watch…
whatever this is.
Sorry.
It's so fucking boring
I almost fell into a coma.
He's fucking hot. though.
Are you seeing anyone these days?
Are you jealous?
No. I think you know me better than that.
So there's no one serious?
Nope.
Not even Jane?
What?
You've been texting for years.
I thought maybe it was serious.
Or something.
It's not serious.
Or anything.
Sasha says hi.
Hello. Father.
Yes. I got your message.
I did answer you. Father.
We spoke yesterday.
Father…
Father. where is Alexei?
My brother Alexei.
Is he there with you?
Are you alone?
Is Polina there?
Polina. she is your wife.
Father. stay calm.
I will call Alexei.
I will call him.
Where the fuck are you?
Dad is alone and he's freaking out.
I fucking pay you to be there
with him. you asshole!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today